---
layout: page
title:  "Beds"
date:   2020-05-04 0:0:0 +0700
categories: product
---
# Beds
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">

The bedroom is the innermost sanctum of any home. A place where personal taste and comfort is of tantamount importance.<br>
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
We offer a substantial range of finishes and designs, but more importantly, an ingredient lacking from the big names in the furniture world; the personal touch. Our team are all experienced and dedicated to providing a superior level of service, so your whole experience from the first visit to our show house through to completion of the work in your home, is smooth, professional and, above all, friendly.<br>
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
Working with us enables you to choose every element of your bedroom from the style and function through to the budget so that it&#39;	s all bespoke and unique to you. All bedroom furniture can be made in any size, style and finish, we can also work with your own design ideas and liaise with your architect and builder.<br>
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
We work in modern/contemporary, traditional and classic styles. All furniture will last a lifetime and we give a lifetime no-quibble guarantee will all bedroom furniture.<br>
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
All work is carried out by Siam Old Teak staff. If you are looking to remodel your bedroom or are still at the architectural stage please contact us for an informal meeting, we look forward to helping you with your plans.<br>
</div>
{% include image-gallery.html folder="/uploads/bedroom" %}