---
layout: page
title:  "Kitchens"
date:   2020-05-04 0:0:0 +0700
categories: product
---
# The main characteristics of a fashion sofa

<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
We believe in a more old-fashioned approach to furniture design and construction, one that emphasizes quality. All our cabinets are constructed from solid reclaimed teak in Burma. They are suited to environments with high or variable humidity.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
Sometimes looks can be deceiving-especially when it comes to furniture. A cabinet may look as if it was skillfully crafted from solid wood, but often it's really just veneered plywood, glued and stapled together. Much of this 'Cabinetry' comes out of China in a box, retailers then slap it together and fit new doors.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
We began making kitchens in 2007, initially for existing clients who had previously purchased furniture. The kitchens that we were replacing where only a few years old and showing their age, most had insect infestation.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
Often we are invited in by the builder who is still at the architectural phase and design and build from that point forward. We can provide the complete package from the floor upwards. We design in both contemporary and traditional styles, we can also work with your own ideas and work to most budgets.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
Since 2007 we have designed, built and installed over 400 kitchens. We don't use any sub-contract labour for any of our projects, all plumbing, electrics, and installation is carried out by professional Siam Old Teak staff.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
All cabinetry is 100% solid reclaimed teak, we can fit granite, marble, teak or stainless steel worktops and all the hardware is sourced at Hafele, so you can also have all the fabulous Hafele space saving devices and soft close drawers as part of the package.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
If you are presently at the architectural stage of your new home build, or are looking to replace an existing kitchen please invite Siam Old Teak for an informal discussion.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
As part of our White Glove Service we offer a lifetime no-quibble guarantee on all cabinetry and worktops.
</div>


### White Glove Service:

- Remove and dispose of existing kitchen (if required)
- Re-plaster and make good walls (if required)
- Install and test all electrical points and lighting.
- Install and test all plumbing.
- Set up and place all cabinets.
- Fit all worktops.
- Install and test all White-Goods (fridge, Freezer, cooker etc)
- Install and test extraction hood.
- Ensure all Hafele drawer tracks/soft close are correctly installed.
- All cabinets will receive two coats of bees wax after installation.
- Please inform the manager if this is not required.

<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
These services are part of our standard practice. We understand the importance of delivering complete customer satisfaction with everyone of our kitchen installations.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
For many years individual customers, hoteliers, restaurant owners, interior designers and architects have trusted us to provide a 'White Glove Service' to complete the experience.
</div>
<div class="container col-lg-6" style="margin-left:0px; margin-bottom:20px; ">
We have included a few examples of recent kitchen projects below. Every kitchen is bespoke, unique and is built to last.
</div>


{% include image-gallery.html folder="/uploads/Kitchen" %}